>> Brian Holt: Let's go ahead and
go create some test specs for
аctionCreators, since those
are easy to test as well.
actionCreators.spec.js, okay.
The other thing is you
can go into reduce.spec.
This should be a flow document as well.
No reason that it can't be.
>> Brian Holt: That shouldn't
cause any errors, so good.
>> Brian Holt: Let's go add
flow into this document.
This is the actionCreators.spec.js,
here we're going to import our two action
creators setSearchTerm and add API data.
>> Brian Holt: From ' ../ actionCreators'.
>> Brian Holt: So first one we're gonna
test here is test('setSearchTerm'),
which is gonna be a function.
>> Brian Holt: So we're going to expect,
if we pass it a setSearchTerm.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, and
then say we pass it a search,
and we've been using black
this whole time, but
here in my notes I have New York, so
we'll just say that, New York, so.
>> Brian Holt: Let's go take a look
at the actionCreator itself.
If we pass in New York here,
what do we expect to get back from it?
We expect to get back a well-formed
object of type set, search term, and
payload of whatever that string
that we passed in is, right?
Now, remember that jest has that
ability to do snapshots, right?
The only thing that snapshot its
just a json structure, right?
So like, our snapshots that were
generating through React is just a json
representation of what our
components look like, right?
Well, if we go in here to
our actionCreators, or
actionCreators.spec,
actionCreator.spect.js,
setSearchTerm is just going to
return a json structure, right?
So we can actually just say,
toMatchSnapShot here, and
leverage that same ability.
So now, this json structure really
shouldn't change over time, right?
And if it does change, we wanna be
well aware of that's what's happening.
So to test actionCreators,
it's really just snapshots.
I mean, I could come in here and
say, to equal,
>> Brian Holt: type: 'SET_SEARCH_TERM' and
then payload,
>> Brian Holt: 'New York'.
I mean, that's fine too, but
why not leverage that snapshot ability?
So that's what we're gonna do here.
>> Brian Holt: So,
again we're gonna say yarn test, so
the first time it's gonna
create our snapshot.
You can go in here and
actually look at our snapshot,
actionCreators.spec.snap, and
we expect the first one to
equal that particular objects that
we created with actionCreator.
What I like about this is, say decide that
later I wanna a different test case or
maybe, no this is even better,
let's actually go into actionCreators and
let's say we start using
the error ability of this, right.
And I say error; null,
or something like that.
Now it's gonna fail, right, yarn test.
>> Brian Holt: This fails because here I
started adding this error ability, right?
But now it's really easy to update
if that's what I anticipate, so
I can just say yarn test:update, right?
So that's why I like the snapshot tests
is that they're really easy to
update as your app evolves right?
Your tests evolve with you, and
you don't actually have to do a lot
of extra coding to get there.
So,
>> Brian Holt: Coming back here and
say yarn test, and it passes.
As you might imagine,
going back to our actionCreator.spec,
actionCreator.spec, testing addAPIData
is going to be just as easy.
addAPIData, here we're
just going to say expect,
>> Brian Holt: Put this on multiple lines,
addAPIData.
And we're just gonna give it some
sort of API data of like 0.8.
title, in fact, we could just
really grab this from data.json.
So we'll just grab Stranger Things here.
>> Brian Holt: Go back
to actionCreators.spec.
Just going to paste that right there.
And we're gonna give it a rating, because
that's ultimately what's coming back from
the API, so "rating":, I don't know,
"8.6", something like that.
>> Brian Holt: And then here we'll
say toMatchSnapshot, and voila.
>> Brian Holt: And
we're gonna say yarn test here.
>> Brian Holt: And now we have an extra
snapshot, so we can detect if something
happens with an API data if it drifts
in one direction or the other.
So if you look at the snap,
just to make sure that everything
looks like what you want it to.
payload, that's gonna be this object here,
and type is going to be add API data,
that's exactly what we expect.
So cool, everything is good, it all works.
>> Brian Holt: So
testing actionCreators is really easy.
It's a snap?
No, okay.
[LAUGH]
>> Brian Holt: That was horrible, okay.
Any questions about that?
So this is why, again, one of the reasons
I really, really like Redux is it makes
testing these kind of micropieces of
changing state pretty ironclad now.
I'm guaranteed now that set search
term is going to create these
objects the way I anticipate, and
this is well tested, and I trust it now.